Zero audio.
I never thought it would happen with me and the girl from Clapham
I don't know where to call her, but I thought I had forgotten
When she dealt all the wrong
Hear ye, hear ye, Harmontown is now in session
I'm your guest Comptroller Steve A.J.
And now here's the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon
Hey San Francisco
Booyah
Thank you so much, thank you for staying for the movie and the Q&A
Booyah, we have so much to be grateful for with these fans
They watch a two hour movie
Let's go around the stage and say what we're grateful for
Early Thanksgiving
San Francisco, it's our favorite city, right Steve A.J.
Oh my God
It's the New York
I was given my choice of cities to Comptroller, guest Comptroller
And I said San Francisco, no joke, I love San Francisco
It's the New York of California
Kind of
That's what they call it
So much so that that offends them
Just like New Yorkers
Hey, fuck you, this is the San Diego of California, motherfucker
The San Diego of California
That's in California, never mind
Let's see if I have any items to talk about
My giant iPhone 6 Plus Plus
6 Plus, that is massive
Yeah, I got the 6 Plus Plus
People don't even know it exists, me and John Hamm have this
Okay, alright, here's something
I don't cotton to using bodies for letters on billboards
I don't think that you should be allowed to use a human body as a letter in the title of your movie
I won't allow it anymore
For example
Oh, well, I don't know, John Warrick, whatever that movie is
Keanu Reeves, it says John Warrick, and then one of the letters is just Keanu Reeves
We have to fill that in with our own brains
What is it? What is a human being?
Is he an A? Is he an E?
You can't just assume, yeah, I figured it out, I looked it up
It's John Wick
He's an I, motherfucker
And then I get really pissed off, because then it says John Wick
And then the tagline is, don't set him off
Don't type set him off
Thank you, goodnight, we'll be at the bar next door
Kettle one for everybody
Don't set him off because he's a Wick
Because bombs use wicks?
No, they use fuses
His name's not John Fuse, and even if it was, the tagline should be, don't use him to set something off
And if he's a Wick, the only thing he can set off is a candle
Like, don't use him to make the room slightly lighter
Don't use him if you shit in someone else's bathroom, and you need to cover it up
Just call him John Bomb
John Explosion, John Booboo
It's probably harder for him to make an O in a billboard
Yeah
But he would have done like a home alone thing, it would be John Bomb and the O would be Keanu Reeves' mouth going, oooooh
I'm gonna blow up, don't set me off
Steve, today a second man jumped over the fence at the White House and charged headlong at it
It's about time
Why does this happen more?
Is it a federal offense for us to say, this is awesome?
I mean, we're not saying you should do it, it's just a fun time to be alive
All the fucked up shit to be going on, I think it's kind of neat that
It's some little rascal shit
Yeah, it's like the sandlot
Like what are these guys doing? The first guy had a knife, and he got up to the, you know
He got into the Lincoln bedroom and took a nap, right?
Yeah, he got, he was by the statue of Martin Sheen with his knife, like stabbing it
Practicing for the real president
Did this new guy have anything?
I don't think he, I think he had dog treats in his pocket
Yeah, weaponized Ebola
No, I don't know if he had anything, he jumped over the fence and then the, I guess two dogs got him right away
And he kind of punched the dogs a little bit, which got him assault charges
So they have guard dogs now instead of like
Obviously the people were not on the ball
Yeah
The first guy made it into the gift shop
So the second guy, yeah, he got, he ran up against the White House's best friend
I don't know, I think it's neat, I think if you're going to have a White House and have a fence around it
I think it should be a tradition that every once in a while some guy
It is crazy that it's low enough to jump
It should be like 12 feet high
It should be, I mean, they'll probably add like, now it'll like electrocute you if you touch it, right?
Yeah
Which would be more appropriate, like it feels a little dishonest to be like
Have this like beautiful house where you have orphans hunt for eggs in the, in the Easter
You know, it's like, oh yeah, you're
A turkey, everything's giving
You know, we're just hanging out, running the country, you know, like come on in if you want, just kidding
Hey, if you could jump the fence, welcome, come on in
It's kind of, kind of appropriate if they have to actually like make it lasers or something that'll like
Like you put your hand through it and then, yeah, you lose your arm
I don't know
Yeah, speaking of current events, which I know people love to come to this show for
Because there is no other podcast, if not this podcast, where would people hear about current events?
Where'd you get your news?
Yeah
Ebola
It's tough stuff
It's real, it's real
It's here
I'll tell you guys, like I didn't know that much about Ebola and I didn't know, I wasn't very informed
And so I started looking at the articles and what I've learned from the comment sections under them is that
Is that this disease is very scary, but on the other hand it's also very overdue
Like Africanized killer bees
Remember, as a kid, they were like, yeah, there's killer bees in South America and they're making their way north
And now they're in America
I want to do that bit again
Okay
I wasn't that informed about Ebola
And then what I've learned from reading the articles and the comment sections under it is that it's a very scary disease
But on the other hand, it's very overdue
Are we supposed to cheer that?
Yeah, because the people are, I guess my joke is that the people in the comment sections are so dumb
You read the article, it doesn't really matter what the article says
By the time you get to the bottom of the comment section you're like, fucking yes, make this
It is overdue, yeah
Wipe us out, cut us down with a machete, take us out, we are so dumb
It's like a clearing house for all the weird conspiracy theories and racist shit
You see comments where people are like, I saw a comment where a guy said, what a coincidence
An African plague after we elect our first African American president
That is fucking classic racism, that's beyond, that's like the lead zeppelin of racism
It doesn't even have anything to do with break dancing or implying that Barack Obama is going to paint the White House with leopard print
It's just going straight to the, yeah, he's African American and though it's his fault that there's African
And everybody, the gun control people always find a way to start arguing in the middle of a thing
No matter what the article's about, there's always the people that come in and go, still, like 14 people killed last week with handguns
And then people take that bait and then it's just like, you read these comment sections and you're just like, yeah, bring it in, man
Bring the White Walkers in
What are we doing? Let's get to the moon, let's take San Francisco and put it on the moon
I was going to ask you that, I had one of my things to ask you because I haven't heard you mention it in a long time
I was like, did you bail on the colonizing the moon premise?
I'm back to it now, I'm like, we got it and it's not because of Ebola, I'm not scared of Ebola
I'm scared of, I'm proud of our country for not, I don't know, like, oh, this guy in New York's now got it
He's a doctor, he's for Doctors Without Borders, he was
He was there with Ebola, yeah, no wonder
I did see, this is one of my favorite comments, this is a very clever comment, like somebody said
Don't worry, Republicans, all the people getting the disease so far have been helping people, you're safe
Oh my God, that is great
I thought that was fucking awesome
But it is true, I mean, it is so far, that's the way you can be in the first world and get the disease is caring too much
And there's, in these people so far, they're healthcare workers and the idea that their health is, you know, I mean, I'm proud of the fact that we
We grab them and we, you know, we quarantine them and we're doing everything we can and they're okay so far and they got sick trying to help people
And it's, we gotta, I think that's gotta be the way to do it
You see in these comments, it's just like such a strange world we've entered where people, I don't even think they think of people as people anymore
They go like, oh yeah, we gotta seal up the borders and let this thing run its course
Its course is people, its course is other dudes, like what course do you want it to run?
We think we're gonna shut up America, like it's a newsstand and just subsist on our own chewing gum and Mentos and then open it back up
And be like, open for business, whoa, we're all our customers and employees
But yeah, I hope that these people are okay, I hope that that New York guy makes it through because he's like, definitely got that disease by giving a huge shit that a lot of us don't give
Gooderman's socks
You wearing some right now?
Nope, what I'm wearing right now are very threadbare socks where the ankle is all, there's no ankles on any of my socks anymore, they all have holes where the ankles are
Ankle or heels?
You got sharp ankles dude
Heels, heel, right, heel
Old razor blade heels, Harmon over there
Like where the heel is, like it's just skin and then it's like, so the top of the back of the shoe scrapes there
You guys know what I'm talking about
I need new socks, we've all been there, what's that?
Wigwams
Yeah, wear a fucking teepee on your feet Dan
Is that the new Ugg wigwams?
Wigwams been around forever
Like Ebola
I'll check in with you in a second
I'm a man of means, I could procure my own socks like if I wanted to
And I just don't do it, we were at it, the community writers were getting a lot done the other day
I decided to reward us and incentivize more productivity by taking them to a bar
We went to a bar, we were drinking, we were trying to come up with another story
Oh what if Hobbit does a magic trick, I don't know, who knows
And then this guy comes in with a big duffel bag and it's just teeming with all these colorful socks
And he's going socks, socks
In a bar?
You know how like a guy will walk into a bar and go like pepperoni or flower for the lady
This guy had socks
Pepperoni?
I've seen flowers for a lady, I've never seen the pepperoni guy
Well in LA it's tamales and in Milwaukee there was a guy named Frank who would come in and go
pepperoni, cannoli
And then you'd say I'd like a pepperoni and he'd go spice a mild
I guess spice
What kind of socks was this guy selling?
Just probably stolen, I'm assuming, because they were very cheap and he just had a lot of them
And so here's my new philosophical epiphany
So Dan Gutterman, one of the writers, he immediately, we're all going like that guy's selling socks in a bar
Let's all react to that, let's all think of how funny that is
What an anomaly that is, why is he selling socks in a bar?
Dan Gutterman's like, I need socks
And he's like, he just interested in a transaction with the guy, Dan Gutterman needs socks
So now it's even funnier and we're like, Dan Gutterman's buying socks from the socks guy
Not only did the guy selling socks come in, but Dan Gutterman's buying socks, this is the best
If you're going to Instagram this, then the guy leaves, I need fucking socks
We all need socks
We all need socks, I especially needed socks, I'm walking around with scraped, uncomfortable heels
Moldy heels, because your feet sweat in your shoes
Because I allowed myself to be taken out of the moment by the Matrix
Gutterman's socks are thick and plush and because Gutterman saw past the
He was like, I'm not going to just enforce social mores and normality
I'm just going to, he's selling socks
I need socks, I'll buy some fucking socks
He made the practical anarchic connection, he didn't run it through some super ego or governmental like regulator
Of like, oh the queen bee wouldn't like you selling socks right now
I should make fun of you, maybe I could get comedy points
He's like, my feet need socks, money, socks, transaction, done
Now Dan Gutterman has socks
And I don't, I'm walking around like a jackass, I got bloody feet
They're not bloody, I'm just making a point
I want everyone, I don't think San Francisco is the place you have to say this
I think San Francisco is a city full of Guttermans
It's sock city, that's what they, they used to be called the city by the bay now, it's called sock city
These guys, if they see a Google bus, they'll storm it, they don't care
What's a Google bus?
There was a thing last year, we were here in San Francisco, somebody tweeted me about this
I'll explain this to AG, I'm sure I'll get everything wrong
Apparently there's a bit of a gentrification thing happening, San Francisco has been through a lot of phases
There's like, there's, you know, there's, it's a beautiful city full of wonderful people
And also some very affordable housing and it's just like a, it's a big mishmash full of awesome hippies and scientists and whatever you call them
And these, there's these people on this hill somewhere outside the city where they make, they make the computers or something
And they have, and they make a lot of money and they're kind of like, they have to live in San Francisco
And then they like, somehow this gentrification thing happens where people get pushed out of neighborhoods that used to be affordable
Or no longer affordable because landlords can make more money off of these, these Silicon Valley types that are like, like, like, like moving in
And they have their own transportation or had, I'll use the past tense because I read about this, okay
They have, they have Google buses that take them up to Google Mountain
Is Google Mountain, I don't know, is it Google Mountain? Do they really call it Google Mountain?
No, I don't know about that part
It escaped to Google Mountain
And so, and so meanwhile, like, if you park, if you park in the wrong place, if you leave your car in the wrong place
You get a ticket, you get like a $70 ticket, whatever, a $700 ticket
It's illegal to be poor as it is anywhere else, it's also illegal to be poor in San Francisco
It's not illegal to have a Google bus that can use the same bus lanes as regular buses
So this is the side of the people, I'm jumping into a whole thing that I don't know nothing about
But like, so there was a Google bus incident where there was a Google bus parked in a regular bus lane
Which technically speaking, a vehicle is not allowed to do, it should get a ticket
So like kind of spontaneously a bunch of citizens sort of like blocked the bus
And said, you're not leaving until you pay the fucking ticket we would get if our car was occupying our space
And they kind of like, and then the picket signs came out and they're like, Google bus pay ticket, Google bus pay
We want the cops, give them a ticket
And the people inside were like, all I did was like Kubert in college
I don't even know what the city is, I've never, I'm from, I'm from Austin
Google gate
I'm sure I got all of that wrong, but so that's what I got from skimming one USA Today article
Is there a Google, Google gate, Google bus gate expert here?
Somebody that's more intimately acquainted with the hot buttons
You guys are bored with it, that's what I'm getting
Seeing folded arms and rolled eyes
They want to get over it
That's the other, San Francisco's lived through a lot of phases of like interlopers
The city survives these financial vikings
You know, everybody wants to live in San Francisco
They're always fucking with their beautiful Eden
And they weather it, they weather it
They don't applaud for that being said
They're worn out from weathering it
And I would never solicit applause
Hey, can I make a request, since this is a very special time of year
Can we do a Harmontown Sports Corner?
Oh, sure, sure
Sports Corner!
What do you think about what's going on right now?
And it's really obvious what I'm talking about
It's a very exciting time
No question, I mean this is the time of year that all sports fans look forward to
And comment, like this is Christmas for sports fans, is what I call it
I don't even call it by its actual name
I just call it Christmas for sports fans
For America's favorite pastime fans
Yup, whoa, whoa, yeah
That's baseball
It's baseball time again
And the mother of all baseball
Who do you favor in this year's World Series, Stan?
I mean, you've got a whole planet full of baseball teams
All convening into a series of baseball games
Where they gradually play each other and whittle down to just two teams
And then that determines who's the best baseball team on the planet
I mean, I know you know that
Right now we are at that very specific point in that process
We're two games in
Two games into the beginning of the whole process?
I'm not asking a question
You know it's not like the Super Bowl, it's a series
It's two games into the World Series, which is like fucking like
Relative to the World Series duration
Two games in is the plot point
Yeah, where in the story circle are we?
This is where Kevin McAllister gets left home alone
I think, I would say
Maybe
Or where Catherine Herrera comes back
I don't know
Oh, okay, well, I mean, you must be not much of a sports fan
The World Series right now is at a fever pitch
It's neck and neck
We don't know who's going to win
Who do you like though?
You've got to be careful being here right now
You don't want to say the wrong team
I love, I mean, look, this city's team is the best team
That's right, yeah
You can hear it in their applause
You can feel it in their hearts
Like this city has its team fever
They have every reason to be very proud
This is a huge corporation that has drafted people from all over
And called them San Francisco baseball players
And what's not to be proud of
The Giants?
Yeah
Wow
Sport Master
San Francisco Giants
Two games into the World Series
Neck and neck with their arch enemy
The Mongoose to their Cobra
One and one
Could you ask for a more vicious opponent?
It doesn't even matter, right?
You almost don't even need to say the other teams
No, no, no
I would ignore them
I don't think they're going to be much of a threat
I think the Giants are going to sweep their...
I don't know
It's going to be tough
Well, stay tuned, man
Because they've been getting the hits
They've been getting the runs
They've been getting the line drives
And all of the pop-ups
And that is the game of baseball
People focus on foul balls and strikes
It's not about that
It's about line drives and pop-ups
Pay attention to that
The Giants are king
So good luck
And we'll see you at the end of the World Series
Hope you beat that other team
That's it for Sports Corner!
Fuck the Kansas City Royals
Oh, the Royals? Oh, okay
I saw a thing on Twitter now
That makes sense that there was...
The radio station banned the play of the Lord song
You were just like, I think Ebola's in Kansas City
I'm not going to follow up on this
When you said that, Royals, I'm like,
Okay, that makes sense, the Lord song
Okay, that's why that radio station banned the...
Yeah, okay, that makes sense
Yeah
No, it doesn't
Does it make sense?
No, not really
Maybe think about putting a band on top 40 songs
Before they have a potential to get that out of control
It's like book burning, almost
San Francisco's hard to pimp for applause
They've heard it all
That's what they like, and they will only applaud for that
You can't just come up here and go,
Yeah, I got my dick pierced the other day
Yeah, apparently you can't
I don't even know why, I just felt like it
Took a trolley over to the...
Heroine shop
It's not a trolley
I think it's a cable car, Dan
Wait, it's not called a trolley?
I'm so sorry, guys
What the fuck is a trolley?
The difference is...
Mr. Rogers shit
Well, okay, so wait a minute, I do have a question about that
Because I passed one of those, I saw it going up a hill, a cable car
But there was no cable
It's underneath now, or was it always underneath?
Okay, so it's the other cities that are there overhead
And they got the things hooked up to them
Okay, those are trolleys
If they're electric, they have the wires above them
This is a cable car, there's not literally a...
Pulling it like a Goonies device?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Yeah, that's straight up little rascals right there
That's insane
A bunch of ducks in a pond pulling them under the street
Jesus, that is the dick piercing of mass transit
This city has got it all
They're not the New York of California
They're the Portland of the Bay
Portland of the Bay
You guys won't be happy until I say this city was made by God
They built this city on rock and roll
Alright, well, let's bring it
I mean, obviously, it would be folly for me to sit here
and try to talk about San Francisco
when you and our Dungeon Master spent all day
really seeing the sights
We hit all the sights
Can we bring up Spencer Crintenden?
Spencer!
Oh my God, he's running
He always runs
Wow
Hey, hey guys
Oh, he ran, he ran up here
I'm really...
Spencer, you and AG, you guys got here hours before I did
and you guys really saw the real San Francisco
We saw the realest
Man, we found the finest little lunch nook
It was called, what do they call it?
Chipotle
Real down bone cuisine
And then got drinks at Starbucks afterwards
and then dessert at Cold Stone Creamery
This isn't a joke, that's exactly what they did
All these fine artisanal craftsmen
Everything we could have done in Los Angeles
in the airport
Just really soaking in the culture
Yeah, but you guys partook so much, Spencer
You got a little sick, right?
I mean, I don't have a great stomach before Harmontown shows
It's documented fact
You still get a little queasy?
Oh yeah
From Superstaritis?
No, that's not why
What is it, Spencer?
It's just not Superstaritis
Yeah, well can you counter that with something...
Anxiety?
No, anxiety, that's the one
Do you still, do you puke?
No, no, I probably will
Someday?
I mean, in a couple of minutes
It'll be fine, it'll just get this guy
He knows, he knows
Yeah, you know last time we were in San Francisco
Me and A.G. hung out, it was like the first time
I had really, you know, talked to the guy in person, I think
And we hung out and got pizzas, it was good times
Yeah, we went to Domino's
Got an authentic slice
Then got drinks at a 7-Eleven
You guys make a good pair
I would be comfortable trusting a murder case to the two of you
I don't know if it would get solved, but I would like to watch you try to solve it
So comical
It would all be like centered around how we just see clues that are higher up than everyone else can see
Just be like, oh, actually on top of the door jam, there's fingerprints
Or we find clues in food, like bite into a hamburger with a ring in it
McDonald's usually doesn't have these kinds of additives, it's 100% beef
Seasoned with salt and pepper during cooking
They told me that on their Twitter account today
Did they tweet at you?
Yeah, because they were like 100% beef in every patty
You put salt and pepper in it, there's grease in it, those things aren't beef
You can't say it's 100% beef if there's things that aren't beef comprising 100% of the object
And then they were like, it is 100% beef, we just add these things
And I was like, that doesn't refute my point at all
Was it San Francisco we were at, it was Sketchfest where that guy, was it, was that, was that where the
No, Sketchfest was here, sure, but that's not necessarily where this guy was, calm down
Well, you San Francisco podcast listeners, was that where the guy that said he broke up with his girlfriend
And then there was the, then the girl in the audience was like, he's a liar
I don't remember that
It was insane, it was so titillating and weird
It was just like a one guy going like, I got dumped by this girl and I'm totally broken hearted
And then just like, two minutes into it, you just keep hearing, liar, liar
By the girl he supposedly broke up with
No, just a stranger
But not a stranger, somebody who then came up and said, I think she was a barista at a place that he frequents
And she says, he's a character at our place
And like he says, I think her beef was that he, he's kind of a dramatic personality
And that he's always talking about this girl leaving him, but she's never seen him
I really couldn't figure out what the hell was going on
It was like, it was very interesting how it fed on the human compulsion to like figure out what's right and what's wrong
What's just and what's, what's unjust
It was like, what is that, the Mori show
But if everyone was just guessing instead of actually having
You are probably not the father, Spencer
I thought maybe
Isn't that kind of amazing about our species that you can put us in a situation where there's absolutely nothing at stake
But someone saying, bad person
And then the other person was like, no good person
And it kind of draws you in, you're like, I'm going to figure this out
Because the objective truth is who gives a shit
But the answer is all of us, because we're all chimpanzees
We're all like, we got to figure this out
We got to, I guess our instinct is we got to figure out which of these chimps is the bad person
And we got to deny them further figs and bananas and send them into the forest
Where they will die and stop contributing reproductively to the species
That's what's in our, that's what's in our gut, I guess
Is when we tweet and hashtag and things
We're like, we're trying to expunge injustice
We want to create a good monkey species and like get rid of the bad people
I love that she was just like, liar
In my head, even if I knew I'd be in the back of the room going, that guy's a fucking liar
To my friend, I wouldn't say it out loud
Yeah, it was really, from my perspective it was absolutely impossible to tell which of them was a hero or a villain
And who, what's that?
Oh yeah, are you just, is that just your objective opinion?
Okay, because if he had insider information, boom
Like we create our own little gamer gate right here in San Francisco
Trying to unravel that shit
Yeah, I don't know, well I was, I'm up here and sometimes I'm seeing things through a fog
Alright, well why don't we meet some San Franciscans, huh?
Oh, I'd love to
We should get to the bottom of them as people
Should we find some people who are hurting tonight?
Do we follow the pain? I don't know what else to follow
Can't follow the joy
Yeah, let's try to follow the joy
Okay
Let's see, is there...
Who that is coincidentally within reach of my microphone cord
Feels like they're kind of, they're kind of so high in terms of biorhythmic victories
That they're waiting for the other shoe to drop
Like they're actually kind of nervous that they're going to jinx it by bragging
There's a hand back there waving back and forth
Let's just take a flyer and you come down because I can't reach back there
So we'll just trust you and...
Is that right?
Going on
It feels too Q&A-ish for him to be standing down there
Can you climb up here?
Oh yeah, there's a seat up here
Yeah!
Alright
What's your name, young man?
Shame
What, shame?
Jesus
Shame
Alright, here you grab that, I'll move
I'll move
We're following the joy
I'll move the bottle
Yeah, you're following the shame
Yes
If your parents' name you shame, yeah, they're kind of set to move up to it
Yeah, Hebrew means life in Hebrew
Oh really?
Yeah, C-H-A-I-M
Shame means life in Hebrew?
I-M, that's the pronunciation
Oh, oh, I-M
Yeah, I'm not just a cool guy, so it's shame
Oh, so you're just pronouncing it like the way we, when we meet up with Chris Anwich
Exactly
So many people...
It's an Americanization of...
So many people say it wrong that I just say shame, so it makes it everything good
Alright, shame, I-M, you're feeling on top of things right now?
Oh yeah, I'm literally high, and I'm here to see you, so I'm really good
And I'm on stage, so this is what I've been talking about with my friends
I told them that I was going to come up here because I'm black
Oh, it's not a bad reason
And that's actually not why we brought him up here
I can tell he was black when he was waving at us
I was like, yeah, I'll take the black guy
I was going to yell out white guilt, but I didn't need to
I get a high off of black people, and I suck stem cells out of the blackness
And I use it to revitalize my whiteness
I knew I was winning when I walked in this room and I was being black, yeah, definitely
So, what's it like being black with a Jewish name?
No, let's just get to know you, what do you-
Can we ask how old you are? You seem kinda young
I'm 23
Okay, right?
Yeah, I just turned 23 in June
We can still ask him
Yeah, so that means I can drink vodka whenever I want to
Oh yeah, you can have it, you want to drink?
Hint, hint
Wink, wink, right?
Yeah, you shouldn't have to ask, I'm sorry
Here, I don't want to dig, here, alright, I'll do that
I don't want to dig my-
Man-harming hand juice will be awesome
Untweetable
Right
Appreciate it, appreciate it
I'm drinking Kettle One, you guys, on the podcast
He's you
Oh, to you
Oh, thanks, thanks, thanks
I just hear you man-harming guys on the podcast
So what do you- what's your- I would ask what you do
But you're 23, so you-
I work two full-time jobs and one part-time job right now
Alright, run down the- run down them
I work at Panera Bread as a baker
I actually have to go in a couple hours at midnight
And then I work at a grocery store during the day
And then I help out at a garden
A church garden for my grandmother
A church garden for your grandmother?
Yes, yes
You just cashed a sex check with every-
Yeah, exactly
Single woman in the room
That's like San Francisco-
Or at least with every grandmother in the room
Oh my god, he's adorable
Are you- can we ask about your sexual preference?
Oh yes, I love when my girlfriend is in the audience
Oh god, it's girlfriend's here, okay
Crystal Cooper, I love you baby
So try to ignore the fact that the shame-heim-
It works part-time in a garden for his grandma
Yeah
Cause my underwear got a little wet when you said that
Nice, nice, nice
It's very sexy
Can I see?
No
Came out the wrong end
So how do you- how do you juggle on stuff?
Did you put a loaf of bread in the oven at the bakery
And then you came here and you're like-
I wish, I go in from midnight to eight
So then I turn around and go from nine thirty to six
And my other job
So I'll work all day on Friday
Doesn't make any sense, are you on speed?
Just a lot of weed
When do you sleep?
You said midnight to eight
I had an off day at my second job today
From like ten to about two when my homie called me
To come up here, I've been here since four thirty
Jesus Christ
I was the first person in line
Are you a San Francisco native?
I am an Oakland native
Oh Dan, since I'm up here in Oakland
We say yay, can I get a yee?
Now I feel like I'm in a morning zoo show
Dan, Dan, can we get a rap about the pinch of the pump?
Oh, we can rap together all day long
Oh, I love that
My goodness, I didn't want to bring it up first
Let's rap about it
It would have been racist of me to be the one to bring it up
Would you like to rap with me young man?
That's what I wanted to tell you
Saying in word is not racist
It's like the best thing I've ever heard in my life
In rap form with the-
Period, period, just
Hey, in word, that's hilarious to me
Like, that does not offend me whatsoever
Well, I mean, I'm sure
Yeah, that's up to you
You get to make the choice of what offends you
Fuck those guys
What do you mean those guys?
Whoever has a problem
Black people, fuck black people
I say it, I say it
I say it so much
Yeah
But I never, I wouldn't say it to my black friends
Because it's like
That's racist
Well, it kinda is
It is, that's the problem is it puts up a wall
It's like there is things I'm saying
Now I am, it's actual technical discrimination
By the actual definition of word
You guys are not calling it in word
Well, because, yeah, exactly
So it's either like I have to stop doing this thing
That's really fun
Because it's like this fun, amazing, cultural, powerful thing
It's like there's a really great word
It's like super califragilistic
Yeah, it's the best, when I heard it
I was just like in word, yeah
So, I'm like when I'm making a sandwich
I'm like, yeah, this inward needs a mustard
Putting the inward on the bread
But I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna say
I would not subject any of my
African American friends
That's how I say it, because I'm so liberal
That's also racist
I wouldn't subject them to that social pressure
Because then if I would say something like that
Then they have to go, they're like
Okay, now I'm a representative of something
So things that it's not fair to
No, you're overthinking it
I have to overthink it
Of course, you'd have to
It's my job as a white man
Yeah, white guilt, it goes back to that
Yeah, I will end racism
I began it, I'll take care of it
Don't worry, it'll be fine
Clean up in aisle three
It's as simple as that
Well, how do we do, so are we both
I kind of like the idea of like we find somebody else
In San Francisco that can bust a good beat
Beat boxers, and then you and I just trade off
Oh yeah, we're good
We're like a team
Dustin's also got beats down there
Oh, you have beats?
Oh, okay, fuck it
Uh-oh
Spencer, how you doing, man?
I'd say play that shit down
I'm fucked up, man
Yeah, I feel you, I feel you
You guys see any of that Bay Area weed yet?
No
Wait, what?
Oh, man, what do we after?
Uh-oh
Yo, then fuck your mama, then fuck your mama
Then fuck your mama, real good
Then fuck your mama, then fuck your mama
Then fuck your mama, real good, uh, damn
Fuck your mama, real good
Damn, fuck your mama, real good
Put them down
Yo, yo, yo, San Francisco
Took a cable car to your mama's house
I put my dick in her vagina
And it hid like a mouse to put inside the hole
And it wouldn't come out
And then after a while
I put it back in her mouth
Uh, no new taxes
No new taxes, no new, no new taxes
No new, no new taxes, no new
Bay Area, coming on strong
I fucked your mama like I was short and long
I did it in the summer and fall
I fucked your mama, but it didn't matter at all
San Francisco, San Francisco
San Francisco
Alcatraz
What?
Oh, shit
We fucked your money, gentlemen
Vincent Price, Vincent Price
Deep in the powls of your mother's vagina
Come stand, Harmon
We fucked your mama on a Monday
We fucked your mama on a Tuesday
On a Wednesday
Every day of the week she's gettin' it deep
Alright, okay
Alright, we were re-wrapped
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Shame
Shout out to Pat
Shamewrapped
That was awesome
That music was so intense
Yeah, what was that? Where did that come from?
That was really...
How do we...
That was the fight club song
We should've just beat each other's asses
It's been a long time since you've rapped
Yeah, that's why I wanted to make them do it
I was like gettin' on a bike
It felt misogynistic now, though
It feels like the world's changing underneath her feet
I started by fuckin' mamas
Now I have this filter in my head
You put your dick in her mouth
Give her some agency
But mothers like to be fucked, though
It doesn't pass the...
What's the Bechtel test?
I don't think any male...
I wanna rap now about how your mama chose to fuck me
That still doesn't pass the Bechtel test
No, it's true
Mama was at the store
She had a nice flower with her friend
Bring the beat back
That's it, that's Bechtel
Bechtel
A flower with her friend
Yo, yo, your mama went out
And had a nice day
Got together with some friends
In a feminine way
They weren't defined by their gender at all
They went and tried some things at the ball
But not in an elegant Cinderella way
It was more like just a ball for people
It wasn't like people were twirling and...
Yo, yo, yo
Yo mama fuck this
Yo mama, yo mama
Well, she did later, but...
But this is the story about how before that
She was an activated woman
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Your mama woke up at 10 and said
I need some food
She ate some crackers and wasn't in a good mood
She got in her Prius and drove to the mall
She said, I'm not defined by my gender at all
Your mama had a good time with her friends
She drove from the south to the other
And she did some job interviews
And every boss she met refused to see her as a person
So she refused to work there
And she started her own business
Entrepreneurship
On Google Mountain
I like that my idea of feminism
Is straight out of the movie 9 to 5
I can't... you can't really...
You can convince me to be a good person
But I will still... I'm just Dabney Coleman
And then she had her own little job
Entrepreneurship is the way to go
Well, we got no choice left
We're not putting any money into education
And we're not treating the people that get the pay for the education
They're entitled to anything
We're not providing daycare
We're not providing medical care
So we better reward entrepreneurship
Or rather I should say everybody should go be an entrepreneur
Who's that guy that was offering
He'll give you $10,000 if you drop out of college
Because he was like a...
That was an episode of Silicon Valley
It sounds like something maybe Rupert Murdoch would do
I'll give you $10,000 if you drop out of college
I need to find him
It was like some guy who early adopted eBay stock
Or something like that
Alright
All I hear is electric eel
You guys see that documentary about the student debt
And stuff like that
It's a very interesting documentary
I can't remember what it's called
Aaron was watching it
It's fucked up, man
Ivory Tower?
That I heard
It's because one person was...
Because they're real words
That guy's name is like
Shimmer me, me, me, Erl
Say Harry Potter
I'll understand it, motherfucker
Shit
Alright
So shame
I always lose track of time on these foreign gigs
Foreign
We're jet lagged
We don't know how long we've been here
We're not jet lagged
Foreign
How long we've been here?
We're jet lagged
40 minutes
To a foreign land
You flew over Google mountain
And landed in the land of clam chowder bread bowls
Alright, so shame
Here's the thing
Here's the elephant in the room though
You've got three jobs
Two full time, two part
I hope the answer isn't
You just wanted to be on stage
I said who's on top of the...
Who's on top of the world right now
Who's really...
You really are happy even though you're...
It's a little bit of both
Me just wanting to be on stage
Like I told you
I told my friends I'm going to get on stage
Because I'm black
But I wanted to be on stage
Because I'm very happy right now
Just for the simple fact
I just saw your documentary
And I gave you a handshake
While I'm waiting for the bathroom
Oh, I remember you
And now I'm on the stage
Drinking vodka with you
This is a dream come true right now
That just puts all this pressure on me
I thought, okay
Alright, well I'm glad you could be...
Oh yeah, I want to put all the pressure on you, Dan
Well, I want to...
Okay, but will you stay here for a second?
I'll definitely stay
I'm not going anywhere
Actually, I'm going home with you
You just adopted me
Aaron, you're my mom now
We did it
I want to try an experiment
Who is...
Who is miserable?
That hand went up the fact
That hand shot up in the...
Yeah, you pointed it yourself
Yeah
Yeah, you come up
Okay, we have a miserable person coming up
Nice
I want to see...
Maybe we can create some kind of human emotion battery
If we put a wire between his mouth and yours
And then we can run a city on it or something
Yeah, can you...
Human skin type hat, kind of thing
However you think you can do it
Just don't sue us if it goes wrong
It's going on, man
Oh, yeah
Your turn now
Okay, you take that
What's your name, young man?
My name is Austin
Austin?
Okay
Destination of the next Harmontown
Wow
Shaman Austin, okay
That's my life
True detective, season two, right here
Oh, wow
I'm Matthew McConaughey
That's fine
All right, cool
Do you want to be like...
Like 2006 Matthew McConaughey?
I'm like a failure to launch
Matthew McConaughey, was it your name movie?
Yeah
Yeah, I'm that guy
Isn't it Vince Vaughn and Colin Farrell this season?
I heard that
Yes, it is
I hope that
It's a fucking goddammit
Well, you don't...
Yeah, that's how I feel about it
Yeah, but if you heard McConaughey and Woody Harrelson
What would you have been like?
No, because that's it
I mean, when I hear Vince Vaughn
I have that same response to the McConaughey
Because it's like Vince Vaughn is...
Yeah, I'll watch that whatever happens
That sounds interesting
But Colin Farrell
I don't know
Yeah, you know what, you're right
You're right
I'm trying to spit and polish it
Yeah
Like Vince Vaughn is that guy for you?
Really?
No, not because he's amazing
But because that's so fucking weird
It's like whatever happens is gonna be interesting
I didn't expect McConaughey to be all like
I'm in a Lincoln, by a Lincoln
Or whatever
But it was interesting to watch happen
Vince Vaughn, I think, he's just like
I don't know, man, he just always looks so tired
So I just feel bad for him
You know, he puts in the hours
Well, obviously
Yeah, he needs a nap
I don't know, man
In this case, I feel like you would have to be Vince Vaughn
Because you don't ever sleep
Yeah, I do need a nap
Which is cool
I'm definitely Vince Vaughn
So we're season two, I'm Vince Vaughn
Colin Farrell, you have to be Colin Farrell?
We don't have to figure this out tonight
The show opens in two hours
The logistics are really tough
But like, you know, we'll bring it
Austin, why are you miserable?
There's a lot of reasons
Top three
I was in a relationship for like six years
That just ended maybe a month ago
Liar!
Me and Dan on the same page
I knew it, I knew it was coming
Truth or, truth or on that
It ended, and that sucks
Straight relationship?
Yeah, yeah
The best kind
Jesus
Wow
That just sunk in
I actually heard that it's just being
Like kind of absurdly obtuse
Like I was just random
And then I just realized, oh my god, that's horrible
Yeah, I mean
Well, you asked like that was important
Or somehow the answer that
I wanted to picture it and for
Reverse homophobic reasons
Like I'm reverse racist and reverse homophobic
Is equally probably bad
You just love gay people so much you want everyone to be gay?
I thought in my head
As I asked that, I was like, why did you ask that
And I realized the answer is
If you were gay, it's more tragic
It's more tragic when gay men break up
Than when a man just breaks up with a woman
Sorry
Way more emotional
I don't know that that's true
It's hard for them to find each other
Facts, facts
And if they can find each other
And be in a relationship, it's a beautiful thing
It's more beautiful than two straight people
And if they break up, it's more tragic
Thank you, San Francisco
I may have to buy property here soon
I just want to try to see if I can lower the house price
You have to because I live here
And now you're my father so
You have to have a house for me
Alright, so yeah, I just
I don't know, I just wanted a mental image
I don't know, I wanted to know
So a young lady
You broke it off six months ago
So that's enough right there
No, it was a six year relationship
That ended about a month ago
I don't listen
It's cool, it's fine, I don't expect you to
I'm not that important
I'm going to try though
There's that, you're fresh
I feel a little bad about number two
Because I feel like it should take more precedence
Because it's been around longer
But I don't really have a relationship
With a family who I live with
I have a huge family too
I have like seven brothers
And I'm a right in the middle
And I just don't have that relationship
That people have with their family
And you live with all of them currently?
Not all of them currently
One lives in San Diego
The San Francisco of California
And one of them lives
In Tacoma, Washington
The San Diego of Washington
And he just got back from Afghanistan
The Army
I got it
The Portland of the Middle East
Where young people go to
retire in the Middle East
I would assume, I don't know
And then
My other brothers are
One of them lives on like a fucking ranch
Or something, not far
And then the rest of them are younger than me
So they do in fact live with me
But is the general thing, do you feel a little bit
Like you just like there's something
There's like a circuit broken in you
Or you're like, wait, why am I not like one of these people on TV
Where I'm kind of like automatically enchanted by my family
Yeah, totally, I actually said that the other day
When
When me and my girlfriend were breaking up
I said, why isn't everything like a TV show
I don't, I don't get it
I don't have that frame of reference
That everyone has where it's like, well you know it'll be cool
I'm always just like, why don't I feel
Like I have that with anyone
I'm fully qualified to diagnose you
But I have one more question
Do you have a snow globe
With the cast of an entire hospital drama
Inside of it
Wow, that is an old
Ass reference dude
That is an old
Ass reference
I got my middle aged San Franciscans
Are in the house
Say it elsewhere
Also I think there's like
Then there's 30% trickle of people who just know that as a reference
Yeah, I feel like that's
That's me
I've never seen
Gone with the wind, but I know that
He doesn't give a damn
About my dear or something
I've never made it
Through Wizard of Oz, but I know her shoes are red
And she had them the whole time or something
And the trees are monkeys
Those are the hard
Plot points of that mostly
The
Okay, so, but yeah
That's how I feel
That scares me
My mom and dad are not coming to my wedding
And I feel like it's because
There's something wrong with me
Because you just finished watching a movie
Where of course there's a big plot point in the movie
Where I'm like, oh my mom hit me
And my dad spanked me and I think they're kind of sick of it
I don't think they want to come to a wedding
Where Joel McHale's there
And just watched a movie about how they hit me
I think they're like, I'm assuming
All these things because they're very polite
I would say reptilian
Did they say why
No, they didn't
We'd love to see pictures and we'll hook up soon
And I was like
I just projected under that silence
I'm like, you know what, they're just fucking sick of it
They have a 41-year-old child
Who is in his 35th year
Of
Making money by talking about how they beat him
And they're like, I'm not going to that wedding
It's going to be uncomfortable
Jack Wax is going to be like
Looking over at us and whispering
Yeah
So I don't blame them
Which makes me feel bad because
I think about my extended family
I do nothing but fumble balls there
Just out of like
I don't care
I have that exact thing
Where they try
Well, I don't even know that they try to engage me genuinely
But I just, I don't care
I hold family to the same standard
To which I hold strangers
And they don't measure up
They don't, because they're like
You should come over for Christmas
So that we can fight
If a stranger offered that
I'd be like, fuck you
If a TV show offered that
I'd be like, no, I'm not going to tune in
To watch the Christmas episode and see you fight
Well, that is what we do
But I just kind of like
I think it's
I don't know what it is
It makes me feel bad
It makes me feel like I'm a shitty person
If the chickens are going to come home to roost
You're going to be 70 in the Stanley Kubrick
Third Act bed
With the tubes in your nose
And you're going to be like
Where, everyone, where is everyone
And they're going to be like
We're gone, because you didn't care
You articulate that really well
You should tell them McKenna's solution
To your parents not coming to your
Oh, yeah, he wants me to hire actors to play my parents
Which I think is really interesting
Like have Tom scare
That's doable in Los Angeles
It is totally like you could get
You could go to Central Casting and just have people
That just look like your dad
But also, I have a crack, I could maybe get
You know, who knows, I could see if
Like Tom Scarrett or Brian Cranston would like
You know, like maybe get
An A-list guy to be my dad
Morgan Freeman
Get Gilbert Godfrey to fly out
And be your dad
I'm so proud of
Of my dad and my son
Yesterday
I'm supposed to say something
Now Harmon's in session
Danny, treat it
That's a good, you do a good Gilbert
He's a hero of mine
I haven't talked about this yet
I don't know if it's appropriate to talk about it
Because I don't know the guy, and I don't know
Like when I was backstage, I met him
And I was like, hey, I'm such an honor to have you here
So great that you were here, and he's like, okay
And I go like, actually
You're not so much a guest as you are
He introduced me, okay
And he just kept saying, okay
And it was like, oh god, I really fucked up
Like he doesn't know me, and he does it
This is too much to ask of somebody, and he's bummed out
And he's lethargic, and he doesn't care
And he just kept going, okay
And then
He kind of like, I didn't feel like I had the right
To tell him to go out
So you can hear in the recording, people are spontaneously erupting
Into chicken noodle songs
Because I'm backstage, like standing next to him
And kind of waiting for him to go out
But afraid to ask him to go out
So then eventually I go, okay, so let's go do it
And then he comes out, and he just
He starts like pumping
He just like, comes out, completely changes his posture
Turns into this completely different person
And the audience is like screaming for him
And he's like milking the crowd
And then he sits down and goes like, I'm your Gilbert Gottfried
And does this whole thing, does it for two hours
It's a great show, we get off stage
And I'm like, oh my god, that was so great, thank you
And he's like, okay
And then he disappeared into the night
Like Starman
He just turned into cosmic dust
And went up and
That's where Saturn's rings come from
He's a lights up performer
That's what they call it
What I really wanted to ask him is
Is that like, because we're friends with Bobcat
So we know that Bobcat thinks of that voice
That he would do
Like, you know, that guy, that's a character
And I
I don't know Gilbert Gottfried
Well enough to ask him, I wanted to ask him
Is that, do you call that a character
Or is that how you speak
When you're projecting your voice
Because I think there's a subtle
But important difference, like I really wanted to know
But I didn't have the balls to ask him
And I thought I'd share
Just what's going on in my life
In the lowest stakes
Which always, wow, you gotta hear
The San Francisco show, Dan talks about
The previous show
He really gets to the bottom of
Nothing
Just asks questions
And puts things, he remembers
He needs butter
It was a great use of San Francisco's time
We watched a two hour movie
About him
And then we watched him think about things
So how do we
Alright, what do we do here
We got Misery
And we got shame
Totally illogical happiness
On James' part
Illogical happiness
Anybody that's shoveling bread
He said he was high
Is that how they make bread?
We shovel it out of dirt
Come to Panera bread, guys
I base everything on Minecraft
That's how you make bread in Minecraft
You have to
I mean
You got lots to complain about
Shame
I have a hell of a lot to complain about
But you got a girlfriend
I had a girlfriend
That's what it is
It's the women in our lives
It's the women
When you don't feel like you have somebody to share your life with
Right, Spencer?
I woke up at 4 in the morning
Because I had a nightmare
About a giant dog sized spider
And then I went back to sleep
And had a nightmare where my ex came back
And then disappeared like a ghost
And then I couldn't get back to sleep
Which one was scarier?
The spider was scarier
In terms of shitty
I think I could have handled the spider a bit better
Jesus Christ
The trick is to quickly
Snap off one or two limbs
And
From there it's just easy
Pickens
And it comes to monstrous spiders
Spencer, how would you fight a unicorn?
Oh, you don't fight a unicorn
You just don't enter their sacred forest
In the first place
That's kind of a cop-out answer
What if you found yourself in it?
What if you were drugged and woke up in their sacred forest?
That's not a unicorn
That would be some sort of doppelganger trick
What about a Kebler elf?
You know what Kebler elves are?
Yeah, they make cookies
How would you fight three of those?
The same way you'd fight any three infants, I guess
Infants
I'd be so offended
If I was an elf
A Kebler elf
If you're a Kebler elf, we're very sorry
I can't believe those fucking cable cars
Are tied to ropes
Are you people insane?
What a kind of Rube Goldberg
Is the whole thing powered?
In the morning, does a chicken
Get startled by a balloon popping?
And make all of your mass transit go?
That's...
You're taking the green thing too seriously
Can we...
I don't know how close she is to being able to be down here
Are you in the back, Erin?
She's in the back
Okay, can you come down here?
Erin McGathy
My betrothed
Future Mrs. Harmon
My other half, Erin McGathy
Yeah
I'll stand over here at the Q&A mic
And I'll give this mic to Erin
Here, take this
We got double mics
Thank you
So, yeah, Erin, you're my mom now
Tough breaks
Don't say that too many times
You're my mom
It's like Beetlejuice
Yeah
Shame I'm worried you're working a little too much
Yeah, probably, yeah
I want to move to Australia, that's why I'm doing it
Shame, you can't leave us
I know, but I didn't know you were going to be my mom
Do you know someone in Australia?
I do not know anyone in Australia
I know Australians are in Australia
You just want to go to Australia?
Yeah, I want to live there and not be in America
Smart guy, right?
It's just full of murderous creatures and plants
That was America
I mean, not creatures and plants, no
There are herds of Spencer's ex-girlfriend
There's grass in...
No, there's grass in Australia that'll give you chlamydia
Oh wow, that's cool
You just sit, having a nice picnic
Bam, the clap
Wait, is chlamydia the clap?
I don't know
Is that what your girlfriend told you?
Yeah
It's the grass, Spencer
Spencer, remember that picnic?
Remember that picnic we had?
Yeah
Spencer, remember that picnic in Australia
That's how it happened
I got sand crabs
They're big
Just sand crabs
Aaron is my long-suffering fiance
As described in various movie reviews
That's a virtue, it's a good thing to describe someone else
It means patient
That's how I'd describe her
Long suffering
Yeah, no, it's very flattering
It's a funny reading
It's a biblical word
Long suffering
So if I was to go to a Starbucks
and order a coffee and they're like, how are you?
Long suffering
Is that what biblical words are?
Yeah
I am
A Bible
I am a Bible
So Aaron, do you have any suggestions on how to...
I brought shame up
He said he was happy
Happy enough
for right now, at this very moment
I'm happy
He has three jobs and he's really only happy because
we're here with him and he's up here
Then I brought Austin up
He's unhappy because his woman
done run off
Well, you mentioned creating a human battery
earlier
And in order to create a battery, you need energy
going back and forth, I would be curious to see
like a 30 second
rapid-fire word association
between
shame and Austin
Locked eyes
at each other, no judgment
No holding back
Nice
Alright, you want to do this, Austin?
I'm down, I'm totally down
Are you guys going to say the words
or do we say the words? Oh no, you say the words
You say the words, Austin, come on
Locked eyes
Yeah, let's put our pocket down
It's important to say, if we're really committing to
this exercise, that nobody
in this room is allowed to judge anybody for
saying anything
Because they have to know that they're safe in order to
actually do this properly, otherwise it's just a shtick
They're not here, Austin, it's just us
Just us
And Steve A.G. because he's right behind you
So to that, for that
to keep that from happening
or to make that happen, let's all be
totally silent during the word association
and then we'll talk about it
So you guys would pretend that you were alone
in a cave
How do we know when it ends? Who's stopping it?
Does someone have a timer?
Alright, Spencer will stop it
And Stan's going to throw out the first word
Oh, okay
And we'll start with shame
Tomato
Ketchup
Vodka
Pure
Oh, shit, white
Black
Gray
Interracial
Fine
Harmontown
Podcast
Erin McGathy
Erin Carter
How I Beat Check
Ah, fucking Kobe Bryant
And time
How do we do?
You did well, shame
I feel like
it was a pitch and catch situation
instead of a mutual throwing and catching
So let's do it one more time
and his word inspires your word
Nice, let's do that
Who won the first round?
Who won?
The audience is the winner
I think Erin Carter won the first round
Erin Carter did
because he hasn't been relevant in years
He needs this, he's welcome
I love Erin Carter
I knew too, he had an awesome album
He beat Shaq
He did beat Shaq, that's why I said it
And that's how I beat Shaq
Stop talking about sports
Sports corner is over
My only rule
Let's do, so we'll do
15 seconds
Don't hold back, don't judge yourself
Just say the first word that comes to mind
from the other person
Alright, and this time
we will start with Austin
And Dan, the word is
And no sentences, and if you say um
you're a bad person
No, you're not out, you're just a bad person
I'm a bad person already
Go ahead and say um and just note that you're a bad person
and then Val next time you will not say um
Okay
Dan, what's their word?
First word is
dog
Wolf
Fox
Mew
Go
Yeah
Cool
Red version
Yellow version
And time
Did you guys feel that power
that that battery created?
We made a soul battery
What are we learning for this?
It's definitely a new regular segment
I really like it
It's part electric company
part uh
I
I really like it, I just don't know
I think we're starting a religion, right?
We're going to really carefully tiptoe down that road
Because you guys saw the master, right?
Isn't that kind of what they're doing a little bit?
We're going to start, next week I'm going to have them
hold tin cans
Will they do this?
Yeah, I don't know, I guess we know
they both like Pokemon
Pokemon is pretty dope
For real
I like that you guys didn't say um
Okay, now, okay, now we're going to do
a scene
Shame, you are a
shopkeeper
You have a story that only
sells pickles
That's perfect, I fucking love pickles
Oh, we went in then
But Austin, you are
a
you are a
a shopkeeper
who in a store that only sells
uh
asparagus
and you
you're coming in pretending to be a customer
because you want to buy
his shop
Like the property
Like the property of his shop, yeah
To expand or just to move him
You want a better location
You want a better location because you blame
you don't believe that people like pickles
more than asparagus
and if this is failing
you want his place, so you're exploring him
for weaknesses, but you're pretending to just
shop for pickles
And Austin, this morning you received a mysterious
telegram in the mail
When is this taking place?
August
August 15th
If it was 1942, I wouldn't have a shop
And you
That is
part of it
Let that inform your choices
But Austin, you received a telegram
this morning from a family member
and that telegram read
Uh, help me
Nazi war machine encroaching
Stop
And uh, shame has pyrokinesis
That
mean I can say things
with your brain
Okay, alright, and I'll do sound effects
Nice
Now these things can just inform
all of your choices or you can make it
about it, but this is your life
Also allergic to penicillin
Both of you
That's really shitty
Yeah, but you live in a world
where allergy to penicillin is a crime
Oh wow
You can be arrested for it
So we're just itching all the time about stuff
And shame you don't know it yet, but you're David Allen Greer's
great uncle
What
Let it just inform
something I've ever heard
I'm David Allen Greer's great
uncle
He made a blank man
But you don't know that
I don't know he made a blank man, that's an awesome movie
You barely know television
Yeah, 1942
No blank man
By proxy
Alright, here we go
San Francisco, we present to you the magic of theater
Uh, nah
I've been setting all these pickles on fire with my mind
And it's awesome
What am I going to do today besides
set stuff on fire with my mind
You should've known a shop
Who said that
Bullshit
Are you in my shop now?
Ding ding ding
Oh hey
Take a number
Ding ding ding
I'm looking at 60
What number are you on?
I'm on number two
You have to wait
There's nobody here, but you still have to wait
Uh
I just wanted some pickles, man
What do you sell? Pickles
How much do you rent this place for?
How much do I rent this place?
I own this spot
This is my place in 1942
That's depressing
It's not depressing
It's surprising
Oh, it's both
A little for me, I guess
What kind of pickles do you want?
The pickled kind
The kind that you would soak in a brine
I don't do that
I only set pickles on fire with my mind
The kind that used to be cucumbers
So like, cooked ones is what you have?
So when I set the cucumbers on fire
One hour later
Alright
What kind of pickles do you want?
You're allergic to penicillin also?
Yeah, I have this rash that won't go away
I'm scratching myself
This small business owner is allergic to penicillin
I heard it from his mouth
Oh, well then
We ought to take you off the line
Oh
I don't want to mess anything up
No, it's your duty to report such things
See, that's what I thought
Yeah
We have a couple of trouble makers
Officer O'Malley
Oh, hey Stacey, how are you?
Just doing my beat
And I heard some fracas
Turns out we got a penicillin allergy over here
Officer O'Malley, it sounds like
Your wife's got your balls in a vice
Your voice is very falsetto
I'm doing what most of the people do
Back at the precinct, which is make fun of my
Higher register voice
I like to think that I overcompensate
For it with good police work
But it's good to see you jumping out a pretty easy
Bandwagon
Yeah, remember what they told us
In Ireland
If it's easy to say what you're saying
It ain't brave
Alright, well I'm not a creative, I'm a cop
I'm gonna go ahead and move along
And you deal with these two young men
That was weird
Back to the pickles
What kind of pickles do you want?
You seem awfully obtuse about this
Can you just get some regular mustard pickles
I heard about you, you want my shop, don't you?
I don't
Yes you do, don't lie to me
Don't lie to me, I got the pickles
I just think that asparagus
Much like
The white, blonde, blue-eyed race
Which I hope to one day be a part of
Is
Just so superior
I am white with blue eyes, what are you trying to say?
I'm color blind, I don't see race
Well I'm white with blue eyes
I believe you
But
I'm very trusting
Which some people think is a character flaw
I feel like you shouldn't take advantage of me
I want to bring asparagus
To the people in the most
Healthy
And excrementally stinky way
Because I think it's important
What do you think smells better, pickles or asparagus?
In or out?
In
Well, pickles for sure
Pickles coming out, probably
What a day
What a day, fortunately
God was watching
And God took note
Of the rest of what happened that day
And now we'll hear from him
And he will tell us
What happened
God?
It's funny you should mention that
Because almost immediately
You know
The white, blue-haired, blue-eyed guy
Is
Tyrokinesis went crazy
And exploded the world
That's really a shame
What a story
That's all these sounds about right
Alright, let's have a hand
Shame and Austin
Alright
I think we've rung them dry
They should take a seat
And reap the benefits of their
Let's give them a hand everybody
Shame and Austin
Harmontown
We really
Sir, do you have a question?
When you were doing the movie
Was there anything you wanted to cut out?
We really
Wrote those guys hard
They
They earned it
Giving Dan Harmon a hug guys
I feel like this guy doesn't work hard enough
At the bakery
At the Panini shop
He's getting high fives all the way up the aisle
His grandma fucking
Riding him in that vegetable garden
Pick more
Basil
Shame
Nailed it
Hahaha
Uncaring
That's what gardening is
In a day of a gardener
What would you do?
Shame's going
His grandma's like I'm so happy you came
Is the dirt tilled?
Shame, you're the person in charge of the garden
I'm going to till the dirt
And then I'm going to poke holes in it
Drop seeds in the holes, cover over the holes with dirt
Wait for the seeds to grow into germinated things
Put water on them
The plants are already grown
If it's a vegetable gardener, you're just coming in for maintenance
That's all he does is water the grass
That's what he said
Is it clapgrass or regular grass?
Australian
Chlamydia grass
If that's real, I would immediately get chlamydia
Because clapgrass just
sounds fun
You know
Come to this park, there's a bunch of clapgrass
Alright
Hey Spencer, are you
What?
Are you
Are you equipped to do G&D tonight?
I'm always equipped
For whatever
So we got
A Dignity Starzgard
We got me
Agile Play
Quark, I assume
And we would need a
Chris de Burgh
We have to
It'll have to be based on more than
Just plain desire
I want to figure out how to
What to base it on
How about this guy whose question
Oh, that guy's in a weekly Pathfinder game
Oh, you're like an expert role player?
He didn't say that
Nobody wants to say that
And then come up and play
Doesn't that just make you an associate path?
I can be anyone
But you can help us get back on track
Alright, you come on up, sir
Your zeal alone
Should propel you to the stars
See ya
What is your name, sir?
Matt A.J.H
Yeah, I've seen this guy before
Matt's in a weekly Pathfinder game of his own
Alright
Is there anything we didn't cover?
We covered Ebola
Mass transit
That cable car thing
Is amazing
I was here for my Bachelorette party
A couple weeks ago
I fucked the bridge
Amazing
Yeah
We covered it all
Ebola and dick piercing
And mass transit
And feminism
I hesitate to ask
But do you want to hit Gamergate real quick?
I do not want to hit Gamergate
If I'm obligated to ask
I've been trying to read up on that
And I continue to read up on it
I find it very fascinating
And I don't dismiss it at all
And I did not dismiss it
And I don't dismiss not dismissing it
I think it's amazing
That this new generation
Is able to create
Kind of whirlpools
And I'm not even dismissing it
By saying that
You're 41 and you go
That is
You can't get through that
You can't just be a casual person
Coming through an issue
And get from one side of it to the other
And grab a drink from the bar
And come back through it
You will be on one side or the other
Whatever those sides are
In this issue
We've done it at outrage
We've gotten really good at
At shaming each other
And you can't
You can't say much of anything
Without
There's always going to be the possibility
Of just like
A huge group of people
Like really on your shit
You already lost someone
No, she's
She hates Gamergate
She works in Shamesguard
Or Shames
Shift in the morning
Don't let the last sounds of her leaving
Be that we've branded her a Gamergator
She hates it
Yeah, I had to
As a 41 year old I had to get out my little
Bifocals and read Gamergator articles
Just at three times
And try to figure out like what's the gate
And where's the gate thing
You can't even say that because then someone will go
Like you said there's no gate
Fuck you
I don't care
You said you don't care
Yeah
You couldn't even say something like
For instance like
I'm not going to say it
Here we go
I was about to say something
And I know you can't actually say it
I'm going to wait for it to blow over
How's that?
Does that make you a bad person?
That's fine
Let's see if Gamergate's worth it's salt
Let's see if it can last another three months
And then I'll weigh in
Yeah, it can
It's just a 15 year old
What's happening you guys?
Everyone's just
It's just 15 year olds
It's 4chan baby
It's all kids
You just got your credit cards hacked
I've been dying to see
I've been dying to see these character sheets
And to see what's on there for a long time
Just lies
It's all lies
Just peanut butter and spit
That's just yours Erin
Not a joke
Yeah
There are a few
Unfortunate very drunk shows that we've had
Where
Just like that
Collected some stuff
Gamergator hacked your microphone
So
There's a rope in the street
And it pulls the car
It pulls the car up a hill
Like a wagon
And then it's a cable
Okay, it's not a rope, that's dismissive
I'm sorry
There's hooks on the
Right
And the cable is
Sort of like a ski lift
In principle
And so it's kind of like
Do you
Reverse it at the
At a certain time
At the bottom of the hill
Like an escalator
Dan, have you ever ridden one?
No, I've never been in one
How late do they run?
Forever
It's like an Andy Kaufman show
We'll talk about cookies and milk
Not a trolley
It's not like an oscillating thing
It goes up and then it goes back down
Oh, it goes around
Okay, cool, got it
Wow, I have so much to learn about cable cars
There's a museum
And guess what
It's boring
No, cable gate
It's not boring
It's only boring to women
My period gets in the way of having fun
But
Oh boy, all these hormones
What, cables?
Give me chocolate, bring me to a chocolate museum
On a Monday
Maybe
Maybe that museum's for me
Maybe I'm like the one guy that museum's been
Waiting for
I have a lot of questions about cable cars
I kind of love it
I want a cable car
No one said anything
Just let him monologue forever
All right, I'll get a Tesla
All right, some D&D
You need a theme song?
I don't know, it sounds like Dustin has music
Dustin has music
I'm going to give Dustin 60 seconds
So let's just fill
Let's do some word associations
Cable car
Pulley trolley
Hot dog
Bun, man, cancer
But, pole
Why am I doing two words?
Cave
Mustard
Mustard seed
How's Dustin doing?
All right, well, we could go acapella
I mean
Sure, sure
When we last met
Our heroes had finally escaped
From Rose Book
After defeating Admiral Dark
After defeating Father Tinder
And dodging the city guards
The gang piled into Dignity's horse
And they charged the police blockade
Breaking out of the town
Freed but without direction
Our heroes came across a small hill
With a window
Peering into the window
Quark spied a showering lady
And framed her
But after a terrible excuse
The gang entered her home
They shared some awkward conversation
Before leaving
But when they left
They encountered a crippled fire elemental
And although they started in anger and rage
They came to an understanding
And left the fire elemental alone
But not before Quark burned his dick off
But where would the gang go?
What would they do?
How would they get to the air city?
Did they even care about getting there?
Find out next
On an all new
Harmontown
All right, so you guys
You guys are on the main road
Heading out of Rose Book
The path this main road is winding its way
Meandering through the rolling grassy
Hills of the landscape
Gently to the northeast
This is the path Sharpie decided
To go down after he
You guys said that you couldn't go farther
Into the swamp and then you left the lady
And you didn't want to go back to town
So you're just like, I'm going down this road
That's where you are
I've been pushing the limit
I've been testing the limits of like
Can you actually just make Spencer
Turn
You can't
I know I can, but I'll regret it
I don't know, I'll regret it
If I couldn't
You'd be, you know
It would be because you were a tyrant
You're not a tyrant
You're a benevolent, impersonal cosmic force
That's why I did this
You will allow me to walk west
In one direction forever
I will encounter cacti and
Swamps
To the west
But if I really want to enjoy myself
I gotta go back to your narrative
Well that's not even necessarily true
You just have to create your own narrative
I will
So are we still close to the town
Can we see the town from where we are?
Yeah, it's pretty far off in the distance
But you can still see it
It's one of the only landmarks
In this kind of hilly area
I'm curious, can we tell whether Darkstar
Has gotten through the shield
And the town is being totally destroyed
Darkstar was actually chasing you guys down
But then he saw something happening
Over at the town and then he left
There was the skeletons climbing
The forest field and then they disappeared
In a flash
That upset Darkstar
You think it might have had something to do
With that necromancer frost giant
But he's miles away
Boy, that dot, I'm not connecting
The necromancer frost giant
Yeah, I know, the plot, it just happens
Wait, but what
What I'm saying to you is
I don't recall, obviously
It's not a big surprise that I'm always drunk
When we're playing, I don't recall any actual
Over connections between
The necromancer frost giant and that stuff
Yeah, that would be me a narrator
Explaining things that you the characters
Would have no knowledge of
I didn't say anything about that
But you just did now
So I thought Darkstar was
Still going into the city
And just chasing you guys saw the thing
Took off
Gentlemen, I think that we should head
To the air city
Seems like the right idea
Cocoa is pointed in this direction
And like I always say, horses know best
We know the rest
You do always say that
Those skeletons back at the city
They remind me of that frost giant
Thank you for sharing
Your feelings of association
Let's go to the air city
They remind you of the frost giant
The shards of power, the frost giant
Wanted the
Admiral
Starsguard
So we gave, so you got killed
By the frost giant necromancer
And then we gave him the shard
We gave him the shards
We keep giving shards away
And Father Tender also had a shard
He did, but it might have vanished
In the scuffle
Looking for shards is looking to accrue shards
Got a feeling that Admiral Darkstar
Getting all those shards ain't best for anybody
I pull Sharpie aside
Yes
Sir, is something going on
With you beneath the surface
You seem to be questioning everything we're doing
And I am not well versed
In the way of emotions or feelings
But it seems that this is
Pertinent
Sometimes I feel like someone's controlling me
That may or may not be an alcoholic
And so I have blackouts
Where I am motivated
By different things
Sometimes I
Become conscious
And I'm halfway down a road that I ran down
Out of defiance of nothing
Then I'm a little more sober
I don't know
I'm going to ask you the question
I ask myself every morning in a puddle
What do you want out of this day?
I don't want the world
To be destroyed by Admiral Darkstar
I say, hey, what are you guys talking about over there?
What are our obligations?
I mean, what are we doing
If we're not saving the world
If Admiral Darkstar is going to accrue power
And become a more powerful admiral
With darker stars
So it seems like a great idea
Long term for us to take out Darkstar
We've been fighting him for two years now
And dignity
This is your town
And it's being swarmed over by skeletons
You know me better than I know me
So should we not, while we're here
Go kick the asses of the things
That are trying to destroy your town?
I think that is an excellent idea
That's a great idea
Sharpie, let's do it!
Let's fight!
And I promise, no matter what happens from now on
I'm really going to understand
Why are you doing it?
I lift Quark up from between his legs
Which now is nothing
And put him on my shoulder
Like a wishbone
Where my dick used to be really burns
Be careful
I just want to carry you, little one
So you ride back towards the town
And you can't help but notice
A conspicuous lack of skeletons
As if they'd all disappeared
You get closer to the town
And you see
Small piles of ash
Not skeleton size
But just small piles of ash
That seems to be the only sign
That any creatures or anything
Have been around the town
Obviously it's still protected by this barrier
Is it like in the Batman movie
Where the people are dehydrated?
Nah, nah
Are these piles of ash outside the town?
Yeah, you haven't entered the town
Physically as of yet
But you're not skeleton size
The piles of ash
You're saying we don't think these piles of ash
Are the skeletons disintegrated
Do we hear screaming and mayhem
And the sound of combat?
It's all peace, you don't see any skeletons
Just this ash business
And the dome protecting rose book
From all evil
We did it, guys
As we were leaving
I saw the skeletons disappear
I think it was like a
And that angel
The Yoshi angel dark star figures
Gone too
And are we able to enter the city?
Yeah, if you want
But you did like escape
From police
Let's get the fuck out of here
There's no one to fight
Let's go
It's important to have these moments
Quickly before we go
Can I examine the piles
Of ash and see if there's anything
To that?
Yeah, you examine the piles of ash
And they seem not to be ash at all
But actually really finely crushed up
Onyx dust that's a gemstone
Associated with necromancy
As well as teleportation magic
Interesting, I wonder who could have sent
Legions of skeletons
Well, the cross giant
I already had a feeling that he was involved
Gentlemen
These piles are deposits that are the
Residual result of teleportation magic
On the part of a necromancing
Frost giant
Or just dumped, he's done using them
They're no longer valuable, maybe he got
He was able to get the shard
I thought
That dark star was commanding the skeletons
It sounds like either dark star
And this guy are working together
The necromancer, they didn't seem to be aligned
In the past
Why are you looking at me?
The face that people are looking at me
Like I'm supposed to do something
I don't think there's any way that the frost giant
Is in league with dark star, these are too big
You can't have a solar system
With two suns, nothing I know what a solar system is
But
They're both giant ash holes
That'll stop at nothing
To get fucking dumb ass shards
I've run across both of them
I don't think they would work together
I start gathering up the Onyx dust
And I put it in my backpack
You do that
You gather up several dusts
Alright, we got to figure out what to do
Okay, so the skeletons showed up
The skeletons have sailed the city
It's like, and I remember
Dark star going like
And then getting mad and leaving
It's like the skeletons showed up
The skeletons represent the frost giant
They showed up, then they disappeared
Then Admiral Darkstar disappeared
If we really wanted to get into the fray
I reckon that means
It's back at the
Ice frost giant's city
I don't know why we'd want to go there
But
Except to save the world, eventually
But it would have to be in a really unlikely way
Because we're not an army of skeletons
Or a giant or a
Horrible, powerful wizards
We're just a ragtag group
Of occasional rapists
And murderers
You know what lies within us?
The souls of rapists and murderers
Skeletons
We are a small army of
What?
But we have more than bones
We have heart
We have lungs
It's literally a sense of adventure
We've also leveled up a lot
Since the last time we fought that guy
I have, but I always lose track of my spells
Yeah, you're outside the city
I charge a gallop with
Coco into
The city to just see
What the climate is
There's
People, you know, just busy
People living their lives
There's occasional guards standing
Around there noticing your
Horse and pointing at you
And starting to yell and grab
Torches
Can I look through my blood book
For teleportation stuff?
I use diplomacy
And I approach the villager with
The most interesting accent
Alright
Teleport, there's no teleporting
In that blood book, I'm afraid
Scoops were wanted by the law
In that town
Yeah, you find this guy with the accent
And he's like, you ran me over with the horse
When we were trying to find you because
I'm sorry, sir, I was looking for somebody else
You're gonna have to stop
Get off that horse there
Alright, I use diplomacy
And I say
No, sorry, just
Wanted to apologize again
And goodbye, I'm gonna go
What's the opposite way that we're going?
Uh, east at the moment
Oh, but I shouldn't lie
I just
I kiss the air a million times
Confusively, and I make a fart noise
And I say Friday's at six
And I just gallop out
What's uh
I feel like that's like
Performance or something
Really, you think that's a performance?
It's certainly not diplomacy
I'm Christopher, I have performance
I'll start playing the wire saw
Playing the wire saw
It makes her diplomacy
Seem a lot more so
Thank you
You managed to get out of there
Okay
I consult my
Gem of audience talking to
Because I'm wondering
Am I missing something?
Is there someone in our party
Have the power to like
Mass teleport? No
We could just go there
We could like rest up and head on our way
I have three scissors
Do we need to cut something?
Why do you have three?
I don't know, that's what's on this
That's so funny, you only need one
How did you end up with three scissors?
Alright
Well, I mean, yeah
Six combs
Oh, that was from
Mark looted a barber shop
It's all coming back to me
Can you remember that?
Well, okay, Spencer
I'm meta-asking you this question
Our trail
That brought us here
Back when we were at that frost giant city
Yeah
How many
Plains, planar
Jumps did we make
Or is it a physical
You took
Tylenol with codeine out
From there, so it was like a unicorn
Jaunt
My short question is
Do we know how to get back to that frost giant city?
Not exactly, you know the general heading
It's a mountain range that's well known
It's a long shot
Well, what do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
I'm trying to
Save the cock-sucking world
What was the deal with the air city again?
What was there?
Oh, you know, just robot baby memories
Right, okay
I mean, there's that too
It's like there's tons of possibilities
That no one's choosing
Make a choice
Let's make our way towards the mountain range
Let's go towards the frost giants
It'll take us some time
We haven't slept in literally
Adventures, like let's camp for the night
And let's start making it on the horse
And on our way
That's my pitch because the baby upgrade
Is just selfish, chaotic,
Evil kind of garbage
Like we're like, hey, life's a video game
And the
But on the other hand, the going back
To the frost giants city is like
Kind of almost futile
Like naive
Maybe we could help be good
You sound like a guy just stuck in his apartment for a year
When he moves to LA and he's like
I should wear his screenplay
But movies are so bad now
And I don't want to follow the main, let's just go
First of all, what's a screenplay?
Second of all, you saw what's a scoops
I
Is dignity
My sense of righteousness
Over
Outweighs my sense of loyalty
To this group, which is still great
And I start, I pack
I make motions to move towards
The range where I know the frost giants
I'm with you. Thank you.
Jump on, Christopher, and on the way
Tell me what's going on. I want in on this.
I also have four knives.
Alright, Quirk. Knives.
We're safe, I got four knives.
I'm coming too, it was my idea.
Of course.
You shamed me for it.
I have no sense of
Shaming.
The only meaning for shame I know
Is
Prayer, praying God, praising God.
L'chaim.
So we ride, and then we camp.
Yes.
This is the good part. And at the camp
Fire
Guys,
Let's talk.
I think I'm going to turn in.
My dad, wait, please stay up.
My dad used to beat me
So hard.
Guys, I know a great song we can sing
By the campfire.
Do you?
I whittle a
Alligator.
I comb Sharpie's hair.
What you whittlin' Sharpie?
It's an alligator.
It's the shape of an alligator
But it doubles as a clothespin.
The alligator's mouth
It's a clothespin thing.
It's clever.
It's cool.
We can use it as a handclothes.
Or just pin them.
I
I repeat an elvish chant myself
Telling myself to be strong.
The subtitles say
Grace from the rivers of the father
Tube stones run deep through the dank
Arrows of flint be flinty
Ears are pointy
Hearts are deep
In the dank dark dungeons
Deep
Sky
River
Horse
Tree
A man
Sunset
Alright, and then we wake up.
Thank God no spiders attacked us.
And your hair looks great.
I even cut some of those split ends
with one of my three scissors.
We keep traveling.
Oh
I thought the campfire
was going to be some sort of...
You keep traveling and you come across
a small
colorful
tent top stand
You see a small boy
perhaps 13 years of age
sitting inside this tent
holding a hand-painted sign
that says Wilderness Guide
20 Gold Beases
That's a little high
Inflation
Hey man, I'm like 600,000 feet
of rope for that
You could
or you could hire a great guide
to the Wilderness
I'm little Baskins
and I'm a Wilderness Guide
Say there boy
boy, what know you
of the ice giant city?
Oh, I know all about
all the Wilderness. That's why I guide
people through it.
You there boy, how much for a tour there?
Well, I have this sign
I'm holding this sign
right so you could read it
If flint were salt
you'd have a supper load
Man, I don't
get your jive speech
Here's what you will get
10 sovereigns, not a penny more
Sovereigns aren't accepted
in the realm here
They're gold
I asked for 20
It's on the sign, clearly marked
You look to deserve 40
I look to deserve
Boy, I say boy
I say boy
Will you trade for yarn?
I have yarn
in my backpack
I'll give you two copper for some yarn
man, if you want yarn
I mean if you have yarn, I want it
She just gave him 40 gold
You're spending copper
We better get the platinum tour
You're getting guided
not toured
Jesus Christ
What is your name?
What is your name young man?
I'm Lil Baskins
Lil Baskins
I was born in a Baskin
Boy, I hope you're prepared to go on the adventure of your life
I hope you're prepared
to keep paying me
Beyond the
double price
that we paid you?
That's the Baskins guarantee
That we have to keep paying you?
Boy, how often do we pay you
on this?
You know, upon completion of the mission
we'll feel it out
Boy
We're going to the frost giant city
We gave you 40 gold
Yeah, yeah, we're going
We're not giving you anymore anything ever
Don't we already know where the frost giant city is?
Not exactly
I feel like I'm at the cable car museum
How long will it take to get there Lil Baskins?
Several days
at least
Lil Baskins
What if you're parentage?
Oh
I was born in a Baskin
Is there a Mrs. Lil Baskins?
No, I'm a child
It's very
I don't know
We have a robot baby
Lil Baskins, let's start this journey
post-haste
Real quick, were you guys
listening to great expectations on tape
before we arrived here?
When you dress a little boy in Dungeons & Dragons
you take on a haughty tone
You there boy
Sharpie, will you pay this boy?
I've paid him
and then some
Well, let's go
You there, Lil Baskins, lead the way
Let me just pack up my tent here
and we'll be okay
let's go
and you set off
towards the mountains that I mentioned
That's all man
We got so much fucking time
that we've spent
He's just pulling the plug
I'm just pulling him
Alright, okay, that's it
We're hangers
Dungeons & Dragons
Lil Baskins
That's a lot of Dungeons & Dragons
That's a lot of Hardin
That's a lot of town
San Francisco
I do want to say before we
thank everybody
Well, let's thank Rick and the Roxy
for having us here
San Francisco
Let's thank the people of San Francisco
Tarot audio